Rehabilitate the evil parties in the world
Then I look up to the vastness and righteousness of heaven and earth
After studying at Lin Aoxue for so long
That's it.
Hongyu, you are good at qinggong
Go find the master
Here we block
It's not that easy to run
We'll challenge your toes first
Let you obediently become the nourishment of Lord Tianmo
Ah!
Xie Jun, leave it to me next
Situ Haotian
Today is your day of death
Then I will kill you.
Use your flesh and blood to practice the Heavenly Demon Technique
I might be able to break through to the dominant mirror
Become an existence of 10,000 yuan admiration
With you, the devil geese have already helped me to be reborn
You and I are both saints now
It's okay to kill you
Then try it.
It took some time to defeat you that day
Just one arrow today